Update connections.md (#279)
mavlink/MAVSDK-docs: en/cpp/guide/connections.md

}
```

> E.g. to connect to a local mavlink-router client endpoint at 14551, you would do:

Reviewer: What about?

```suggestion
E.g. to listen locally to a mavlink-router endpoint at 14551, you would do:

```
